
# 3.Argo Setup Based on Kubernetes Deployment:

## 3.1. Requirements:

+ Installed kubectl command-line tool.
+ Have a kubeconfig file (default location is ~/.kube/config).
+ CoreDNS. Can be enabled for microk8s by microk8s enable dns && microk8s stop && microk8s start.


## 3.2. Install Argo CD:

    //
    kubectl create namespace argocd
    kubectl apply -n argocd -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/argoproj/argo-cd/stable/manifests/install.yaml
   

+ This will create a new namespace, argocd, where Argo CD services and application resources will live.
+ If you are not interested in UI, SSO, multi-cluster features then you can install core Argo CD components only:
+ This default installation will have a self-signed certificate and cannot be accessed without a bit of extra work. Do one of:

+ Follow the instructions to configure a certificate (and ensure that the client OS trusts it).
+ Configure the client OS to trust the self signed certificate.
+ Use the --insecure flag on all Argo CD CLI operations in this guide.
+ Use argocd login --core to configure CLI access and skip steps 3-5.



## 3.3. Verify:

     //
     kubectl  get deployments
     kubectl  get services 
    


## 3.4. Download Argo CD CLI:

+ You can download the latest Argo CD version from the latest release page of this repository, which will include the argocd CLI.

     '''
	
      curl -sSL -o argocd-linux-amd64 https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/releases/latest/download/argocd-linux-amd64
      sudo install -m 555 argocd-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/argocd
      rm argocd-linux-amd64
     '''


## 3.5 Access The Argo CD API Server:


+ By default, the Argo CD API server is not exposed with an external IP. 
+ To access the API server, choose one of the following techniques to expose the Argo CD API server:


### Service Type Load Balancer:

+ Change the argocd-server service type to LoadBalancer:

   '''
   
   kubectl patch svc argocd-server -n argocd -p '{"spec": {"type": "LoadBalancer"}}'
   '''


##  Port Forwarding:

+ Kubectl port-forwarding can also be used to connect to the API server without exposing the service.

  '''
  
  kubectl port-forward svc/argocd-server -n argocd 8080:443
  '''
  
+ The API server can then be accessed using https://localhost:8080


## 3.6. Login Using The CLI:

+ The initial password for the admin account is auto-generated and stored as clear text in the field password in a secret named 
  argocd-initial-admin-secret in your Argo CD installation namespace. You can simply retrieve this password using the argocd CLI:

 // 
 
 argocd admin initial-password -n argocd

+ Change the password using the command:
 
 //
 
 argocd account update-password

